---
layout: post
title:  "Stranger"
date:   2025-09-08 06:25:04 +0530
categories: english story literature
---

It didn't feel like a wedding eve, atleast to me. Luxuriously decorated tent or the soft music didn't help either.

I kept wondering how I ended up there? It's in my introvert DNA to skip weddings, especially when it's of distant relatives, yet somehow I'm here and only a few faces I could recognise. I looked at the bride who I vaguely know -- from our formal interaction quite a few times during family gatherings.

There were stalls of food arranged parallelly on either side of the lawn. Drinks, too.  Expensive light strips brightened up the whole place. 

I walked over to the only group I could recognise there - a few of my distant cousins. I had mastered smalltalk to the point where I could blend in a group without speaking a word. A smile would do as I leaned into listen to them.

"Look at the bunglow? castle! it is, their family is filthy rich!"
"They're politicians, what do you expect?"
"Well, she got lucky for sure, haha"  

Their conversation faded into the background of my mind as I noticed someone in the crowd.

Red lehenga, bright but not as bright as her round face and sharp eyes, wavy hair with strands of hair glistening on the left the side of her face. She had a smile like no other, captivating and mysterious. 

Our eyes struck, and she kept on looking into mine, I smiled at her awkwardly and she walked forward - to my surprise which sent shivers through my body.

"Have you all eaten?.."

She asked us courteously, I stayed silent while a soft "no.." erupted from our tiny crowd. As I followed them to the dining table, I could still feel her eyes on me. glancing back to confirm as I sat down.

Usually, I would have left after dinner, but my eyes kept searching for her and there she was - at the edge of the garden near the lily pond, staring out to the night sky, almost as if she's having a conversation with the moon.

I gathered my twenty seconds of instane courage to strike up a conversation. 
"The moon's stunningly beautiful today, is it?" I said looking into her eyes, feeling slightly embarrassed for it being a bit too cheesy.

Her slightly anxious face bloomed into a smile, as she turned towards me.  The wine glass glistening in the moonlight. 

"It is. Lucky are the ones who stargaze every night."

it felt like I've always known her, the conversation sailed along, with more wine and some gin. We talked about everything from here to the moon and beyond. An hour felt like a minute.

A cousin found me and forced me to the stage for the family picture, I had to tell her and leave for five minutes. 

She wasn't there when I returned. I couldn't find her. All that talk and didn't even ask her name - how stupid of me? 

I looked for her in all the places, from kitchen to bedroom. In the rush, I ended up walking to a room, where I found the bride and the groom's father talking. - I had to apologize and leave quickly. It was a bit weird to find them there on the wedding eve. "Rich family things", I thought to myself. 

I gave up eventually and decided to leave, only to find a notification on my phone. It was on Lowkey - an app I was working on at the time. she probably remembered my username when I was discussing about modern dating and the app with her. 

"Do you miss me already?"

She replied to my page. Our texts were engaging, just the same intensity as we were in person. A bit of tease and flirt, here and there. I told her that I'm good at holding my horses back, controlling myself and not letting go. She said she had to test that.

She came down to meet again, talk and more drinks, until the stalls closed. We were tipsy and out of our minds. 

"I know a place we should go right now"

She said that with lust in her eyes and I knew what she meant, as much as I wanted to - I didn't want it to be like this - drunk and fooling around, the last of my sober part of brain knew what I wanted - a future where I get to stargaze with her every night. 

I hesitated and she sensed it..  

"Are you sure you don't want to?"
She asked me.

"You know I really want to, but not like this"

She looked at me in despair and walked back, "I have to go to the washroom, I'll be back soon."

That was the last I saw of her, I waited for minutes, almost half an hour. My texts went ignored. Until I got one at last.

"You have a good heart, but it shouldn't have stopped you. If you knew it will never happen again."


My heart sank into the floor.  I had to find her, I asked my cousins, explained to them everything, they had seen me with her but no one knew who she was. There was only one way to find her. One person we can ask. The bride.


I walked into the house to find the bride, groom and his father in the same room again,.  Weird, but I ignored.

The alcohol gave me enough confidence to ask..

"Shana, this is important, who was the girl I was hanging out with earlier? You saw us, she wore red dress and had a small neckla.. "

Before she was mouthing "Ra..", she stopped herself and looked at the groom and the father. Both of them staring at me, confused and angry.

"Why do you want to know?"

The groom asked me,. 

"I just want to know. It's important", 

"Get out" his father's voice raised. 

I didn't flinch. I looked at the bride again, waiting for an answer.

She, in a begging expression uttered

"Don't do this, don't go behind her, she's married... "
She nodded her face in denial as she looked at the groom.


Then everything clicked in my head. Like a molten metal hardening, in that moment of clarity -- there were already an audience behind us, few servants and close guests wondering what's going on.

"She's .. ", 

"She's his first wife?"

I stood there in disbelief. shattered.. the guy walked towards me as his father searched the shelf for a gun he couldn't find. 

As I walked backwards slowly, the bride crying, fell to her knees -- Helpless. I turned around and walked out of there, out of the house. 

As I stepped into the moonlight, everything made sense, all she wanted was an escape.

I opened my phone to see a new notification 
"thank you and good bye". 


The sound of gunshot from the floor above tore through the eerie silence. 
